meta: add requirement for signed-off-by statements (#31976)
nodejs/node: doc/guides/contributing/pull-requests.md

component involves the specific details of setting up your local environment
so that you can make the actual changes. This is where we will start.

> - [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)

Reviewer: This line should not appear in the ToC IMO. Remaining lines should use `*` instead of `-` for consistency with other files, reduced churn, and lint compatibility.

```text
$ git add my/changed/files
$ git commit -s
```

Multiple commits often get squashed when they are landed. See the
notes about [commit squashing](#commit-squashing).

#### Signing off on commits

All commits landed must contain one `Signed-off-by` metadata statement for

> each attributed contributor to the change. The value of this statement must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each author. The value of this statement must
```

match the name and email address configured in [Step 1][].

```text
Signed-off-by: J. Random User <j.random.user@example.com>
```

The `Signed-off-by` statement can be added automatically by git by using the

> `-s` (or `--signof`) option when commiting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add the `Signed-off-by` statement with `git`, use the `-s` (or `--signoff`)
option:
```

Note that even if you disregard this suggestion, please at least fix the typo (`--signoff` instead of `--signof`).

```text
$ git commit -s
```

The `Signed-off-by` statement is used within our process as an attestation
that the author (or authors) of the commit are contributing in accordance

> to the projects [Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign-off indicates that the commit complies with
[Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1][].
```
If you decline this suggestion, please at least fix the typo (`project's` instead of `projects`).
